docs/source/code.md, before:

# IP2Proxy Node.js API

## IP2Proxy Class
```{py:class} IP2Proxy()
Construct the IP2Location Class.
```

```{py:function} open(binPath)
Load the IP2Proxy BIN database for lookup.


:param str binPath: (Required) The file path links to IP2Proxy BIN databases.
```

```{py:function} openAsync(binPath)
Load the IP2Location BIN database for lookup asynchronously.

:param str binPath: (Required) The file path links to IP2Location BIN databases.
```

```{py:function} getPackageVersion()
Return the database's type, 1 to 10 respectively for PX1 to PX11. Please visit https://www.ip2location.com/databases/ip2proxy for details.

:return: Returns the package version.
:rtype: string
```

```{py:function} getModuleVersion()
Return the version of module.

:return: Returns the module version.
:rtype: string
```

```{py:function} getDatabaseVersion()
Return the database's compilation date as a string of the form 'YYYY-MM-DD'.

:return: Returns the database version.
:rtype: string
```

```{py:function} getAll(ipAddress)
Retrieve geolocation information for an IP address.

:param string ipAddress: (Required) The IP address (IPv4 or IPv6).
:return: Returns the geolocation information in array. Refer below table for the fields avaliable in the array
:rtype: array

**RETURN FIELDS**

| Field Name       | Description                                                  |
| ---------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| countryCode    |     Two-character country code based on ISO 3166. |
| countryName    |     Country name based on ISO 3166. |
| regionName     |     Region or state name. |
| cityName       |     City name. |
| isp            |     Internet Service Provider or company\'s name. |
| domain         |     Internet domain name associated with IP address range. |
| usageType      |     Usage type classification of ISP or company. |
| asn            |     Autonomous system number (ASN). |
| as             |     Autonomous system (AS) name. |
| lastSeen       |     Proxy last seen in days. |
| threat         |     Security threat reported. |
| proxyType      |     Type of proxy. |
| provider       |     Name of VPN provider if available. |
```

```{py:function} getAllAsync(ipAddress)
Retrieve geolocation information for an IP address asynchronously.

:param string ipAddress: (Required) The IP address (IPv4 or IPv6).
:return: Returns the geolocation information in array. Refer below table for the fields avaliable in the array
:rtype: Promise of an array

**RETURN FIELDS**

| Field Name       | Description                                                  |
| ---------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| countryCode    |     Two-character country code based on ISO 3166. |
| countryName    |     Country name based on ISO 3166. |
| regionName     |     Region or state name. |
| cityName       |     City name. |
| isp            |     Internet Service Provider or company\'s name. |
| domain         |     Internet domain name associated with IP address range. |
| usageType      |     Usage type classification of ISP or company. |
| asn            |     Autonomous system number (ASN). |
| as             |     Autonomous system (AS) name. |
| lastSeen       |     Proxy last seen in days. |
| threat         |     Security threat reported. |
| proxyType      |     Type of proxy. |
| provider       |     Name of VPN provider if available. |
```

Commit message:

Update docs for fraud score

docs/source/code.md, after:

# IP2Proxy Node.js API

## IP2Proxy Class
```{py:class} IP2Proxy()
Construct the IP2Proxy Class.
```

```{py:function} open(binPath)
Load the IP2Proxy BIN database for lookup.


:param str binPath: (Required) The file path links to IP2Proxy BIN databases.
```

```{py:function} openAsync(binPath)
Load the IP2Proxy BIN database for lookup asynchronously.

:param str binPath: (Required) The file path links to IP2Proxy BIN databases.
```

```{py:function} getPackageVersion()
Return the database's type, 1 to 12 respectively for PX1 to PX12. Please visit https://www.ip2location.com/databases/ip2proxy for details.

:return: Returns the package version.
:rtype: string
```

```{py:function} getModuleVersion()
Return the version of module.

:return: Returns the module version.
:rtype: string
```

```{py:function} getDatabaseVersion()
Return the database's compilation date as a string of the form 'YYYY-MM-DD'.

:return: Returns the database version.
:rtype: string
```

```{py:function} getAll(ipAddress)
Retrieve geolocation information for an IP address.

:param string ipAddress: (Required) The IP address (IPv4 or IPv6).
:return: Returns the geolocation information in array. Refer below table for the fields avaliable in the array
:rtype: array

**RETURN FIELDS**

| Field Name       | Description                                                  |
| ---------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| countryCode    |     Two-character country code based on ISO 3166. |
| countryName    |     Country name based on ISO 3166. |
| regionName     |     Region or state name. |
| cityName       |     City name. |
| isp            |     Internet Service Provider or company\'s name. |
| domain         |     Internet domain name associated with IP address range. |
| usageType      |     Usage type classification of ISP or company. |
| asn            |     Autonomous system number (ASN). |
| as             |     Autonomous system (AS) name. |
| lastSeen       |     Proxy last seen in days. |
| threat         |     Security threat reported. |
| proxyType      |     Type of proxy. |
| provider       |     Name of VPN provider if available. |
| fraudScore     |     Potential risk score (0 - 99) associated with IP address. |
```

```{py:function} getAllAsync(ipAddress)
Retrieve geolocation information for an IP address asynchronously.

:param string ipAddress: (Required) The IP address (IPv4 or IPv6).
:return: Returns the geolocation information in array. Refer below table for the fields avaliable in the array
:rtype: Promise of an array

**RETURN FIELDS**

| Field Name       | Description                                                  |
| ---------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| countryCode    |     Two-character country code based on ISO 3166. |
| countryName    |     Country name based on ISO 3166. |
| regionName     |     Region or state name. |
| cityName       |     City name. |
| isp            |     Internet Service Provider or company\'s name. |
| domain         |     Internet domain name associated with IP address range. |
| usageType      |     Usage type classification of ISP or company. |
| asn            |     Autonomous system number (ASN). |
| as             |     Autonomous system (AS) name. |
| lastSeen       |     Proxy last seen in days. |
| threat         |     Security threat reported. |
| proxyType      |     Type of proxy. |
| provider       |     Name of VPN provider if available. |
| fraudScore     |     Potential risk score (0 - 99) associated with IP address. |
```
